c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll.config
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.pdb
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.pdb
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\extsistmovilidad31\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll.config
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.pdb
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.dll
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.pdb
C:\Users\Yossely\Desktop\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll.config
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.pdb
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.dll
C:\sinner_universe\nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.pdb
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll.config
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.pdb
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.dll
C:\sinner_universe\ExamenNurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.pdb
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll.config
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Nurun.pdb
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.dll
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.pdb
C:\Desarrollo\Nurun\Codigo\Nurun\Nurun\obj\Debug\Nurun.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
